{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17180\viewh12220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 Marcelina Pulcini\
MART 120\
22.08.2020\
\
Compare and Contrast GUI vs. CLI\
\
From my incredibly beginner and basic understanding, Graphic User Interface is the visual representation of an operating system versus Command Line Interface which is the line by line code used as the foundational operations of said system. While you can use both to find, create, edit or delete directories and files, both GUI and CLI have their benefits and downfalls.\
\
As a UX designer professionally, I am biased towards GUI from the start. Not only is it the same type of system I grew up learning to use, but it\'92s my job in UX to create visual solutions for detailed problems, giving users a positive experience that is intuitive to operate. To put it plainly, GUI can offer a more usable solution without extensive experience or a steep learning curve. This can also slow down the developmental process.\
\
However, with creative coding, using the CLI is based strictly on text only commands versus using a mouse. The benefits can include increased speed in the development process. This also means that the intuitive nature must be learned to understand and complete certain tasks and functions.\
\
Both GUI and CLI are elemental to using operating systems. But with creative coding, CLI can be highly more invaluable. }